RDoc-1355 Counters documentation (#900)
ravendb/docs: Documentation/4.1/Raven.Documentation.Pages/client-api/session/counters/counters-in-clusters.markdown

  > - Node C sends the new node-C value (12) to nodes A and B.  
  > - All nodes are updated with the same three values.
  > 
  > | Counter Name | Node Tag  | Counter Value per node |
  > |:---:|:---:|:---:|
  > | ProductLikes | A | 42 |
  > | ProductLikes | B | 33 |
  > | ProductLikes | **C** | **12** |

  > {NOTE: }
  > Note that **only the Counter's value** is replicated.  
  > The document itself hasn't been modified and needs no replication.  
  > {NOTE/}

---

####Server Reply to Client Request  
When a client requests a Counter's value, it gets a single accumulated sum.  

  > In the following example, a request for ProductLikes's value will yield **85**.  
  > 
  > | Counter Name | Node Tag  | Counter Value per node |
  > |:---:|:---:|:---:|
  > | ProductLikes | A | **42** |
  > | ProductLikes | B | **33** |
  > | ProductLikes | C | **10** |
  > | | | **Total Value: 42+33+10 = 85** |
{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Counter Name modification}

**Replication due to a Counter Name modification**:

* As described in the [Overview](../../../client-api/session/counters/overview#overview) section, creating or deleting a Counter triggers a document change.  

> * As a result, the whole document, including its Counters and their values, is replicated to all nodes in the database group.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* As a result, the whole document, including the new counter value, is replicated to all nodes in the database group.  Existing counters, which haven't changed, aren't replicated, since they already exists on the other nodes
```

Author: fixed thanks

{PANEL/}

{PANEL: Concurrent Modification}

**The same Counter can be concurrently modified by multiple clients**.  

As described in the [Counters in a multi-node cluster](../../../client-api/session/counters/counters-in-clusters#counters-in-a-multi-node-cluster) section, each node manages its own portion of a Counter's value.  

> As a result-  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a result:  
```

No?

Author: fixed

When Delete **is** executed, the order of execution **does** matter.  

* When [Increment](../../../client-api/session/counters/create-or-modify) and 
  [Delete](../../../client-api/session/counters/delete) are called concurrently, 
  their order of execution is unknown and the outcome becomes uncertain.  
  We can identify this behavior in two different scenarios:  
   * In a single-server system  
   * In a multi-node cluster  

---

####In a Single-Server System

Different clients may simultaneously request to Delete and Increment the same Counter.  

* The result depends upon the server's **order of execution**.  
   * If Delete is executed _last_, the Counter will be permanently deleted.  
   * If Delete is executed _before_ Increment, the Counter will be deleted but then re-created with the value of the Increment action as its initial value.  

---

####In a Multi-Node Cluster

Different ***nodes*** may concurrently Delete and Increment the same Counter.  

* The outcome depends upon the order of ***replication***.  
   * If the node that deleted the counter replicates the change _last_, the Counter will be permanently deleted.  

>    * If the node that incremented the counter replicates the change _last_, the Counter will be deleted but then re-created with the value of the Increment action as its initial value.  

Reviewer: @aviv86 Can you confirm that? I think that we may just ignore the delete in this case, no?

Reviewer 2: yes, this is correct - in v4.1 the outcome depends upon the order of replication.
in v4.2 however, concurrent delete +increment is considered as a conflict that we resolve in favor of the increment. 
the node that incremented will just ignore the delete, the other node will delete the counter but then re-insert it upon incoming replication

Author: wrote myself a reminder to document it for 4.2

Author: done.

---

in the 4.2 "overview" article's "Counters and Conflicts" section:
"###Counters and Conflicts

Counter actions (for either name or value) almost never cause conflicts.  
The only exception to this is [concurrent `Delete` and `Increment`](../../../client-api/session/counters/counters-in-clusters#concurrent-delete-and-increment) actions by multiple cluster nodes."

---

The link leads to the "Counters in Clusters" article, where this explanation replaces the 4.1 explanation:
"####In a Multi-Node Cluster

Different ***nodes*** may concurrently Delete and Increment the same Counter.  

* It is considered a conflict, that we resolve in favor of the **increment** action.  
* The incrementing node will simply ignore the delete action.  
* The deleting node will delete the Counter, but then re-insert it upon the incoming replication."
